Readme examples (#1425)
linera-io/linera-protocol: examples/counter/README.md

<!-- cargo-rdme start -->

# Counter Example Application

> This example application implements a simple counter contract, it is initialised with an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example application implements a simple counter contract, it is initialized with an 
```

:us:
(Also below.)

unsigned integer which can be increased by an operation `increment`.

# How It Works

It is a very basic Linera application, which is initialised by an `u64` which can be incremented 
by an `u64`.

> For example if contract was initialised with 1, querying the contract would give us 1. Now if we want 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if the contract was initialized with 1, querying the contract would give us 1. Now if we want to
```

```bash
PORT=8080
linera service --port $PORT &
```

### Using GraphiQL

- Navigate to `http://localhost:8080/chains/$CHAIN_1/applications/$APPLICATION_ID`
- To get the current value of `counter`, run the query
```json
    query{
        value
    }
```
- To increase the value of the counter by 3, perform `increase` operation
```json
    mutation Increment{
        increment(value: 3)
    }
```
- Running the query again would yield `4`

### Using web frontend

Installing and starting the web server 

```bash
cd examples/counter/web-frontend/
npm install

# Start the server but not open the web page right away.
BROWSER=none npm start &
```

Web UIs for specific accounts can be opened by navigating URLs of the form
`http://localhost:3000/$CHAIN_1?app=$APPLICATION_ID&owner=$OWNER_1&port=$PORT` where
- the path is the ID of the chain where the account is located.
- the argument `app` is the token application ID obtained when creating the token.
- `owner` is the address of the chosen user account (owner must be have permissions to create blocks in the given chain).
- `port` is the port of the wallet service (the wallet must know the secret key of `owner`).

> `echo "http://localhost:3000/$CHAIN_1?app=$APPLICATION_ID&owner=$OWNER_1&port=$PORT"`

Reviewer: Maybe put this in a ` ```bash ` section, and add a sentence explaining that it will print the URL.
